hello hello hello and welcome to episode
88 of Prague review now this one kind of
follows on from the previous video in
the playlist because I should be talking
about this year DVD classic albums the
making of dark side of the moon now the
previous one was all about the making of
wish you were here I thought well mildly
this is a double header a double feature
even this was released back in 2003
common bought anniversary that would
have been 20 20 20 20 or 30th whatever
anniversary the dark side of the moon
would have celebrated this disc came out
this has been on the TV quite a few
times but you would have only seen the
59 minute version or whatever and of
course like the story of wish you here
you get an extra 25 minutes but i find
this slightly more satisfying than
yesterday's all the previous DVD in
circles so why you want to talk about
again you've got contributions from each
of the members of the band but this time
is more of a concentration on yo pal the
album was brought together the technical
side of things you have Alan Parsons the
producer you know operating a desk and
shown you that effects were achieved on
different tracks and it's a really
illuminating documentary there's also
intercut with stock footage of the day
so you get a real atmosphere of the
times it was made and a lot of the
footage was actually used by the band as
projection which so you get to seal that
brought in becoming it again if it
follows the same the same path as wish
you was here wish you were here box it
began with the 25-minute addition you
get the additional 25 minutes you get
more performances from david gilmour
which was and in this case Richard Ryan
who talks you through you know he's
parts on the album and it's good because
he actually talks about mechanics of you
know how how the pieces came together
and they're both from I think it's a
risky point kind of reuse some of the
themes so again you get a real idea you
know how it was all brought together now
what we can do is I'm gonna have a
little look at the DVD itself not much
to look at but for those who are
interested I'm gonna head over to Darren
who will be looking at the DVD and
what's inside over to you Darren why
thank you darren and this is not the
dark side of the moon this is my dog's
bottom alex is decided to crash it on
the bit of carpet where i'm normally do
my video things and so ideal of the hot
Sun to move him anyway this is the DVD
classic happens to make it of dark side
the moon in case you can't read and then
there you go so much else to say really
a picture of a pyramid pyramid there's
your usual blurb this is a very good
success in dolby digital stereo it's in
pal region 0 so you exempt from
classification means anyone can watch it
and it's Pierce to comparable whatever
that is who members appears to I cook
and it's a look inside here's the war
all these spindles this thing we're
going to break it this is the disk as
you can see it uses the 2003 docs a new
logo cover whatever you know the one the
stunning
stained glass as you see is Ruiz
definitely we g0 power and that the Year
stained glass pyramid feel very clever
works on a number of levels at Caracas
light refracting stained-glass window
like a me through the stained glass here
as a bit tense as a as a idea anyway
loads of the other titles in the series
let's have a look inside I should use
your gubbins you usual oh how many times
we've seen that picture who the band are
where was recorded early engineering and
more pyramids and my yes will like that
one don't we yes who did it it's sip now
cease of course storm thorgerson yeah
you did the DVD sleeve design we knew
that and look he's a prism look wait a
minute on the back there's the various
iterations of the cover as you can see
yes yeah good funny and and that is
unless she a lot really this da as the
onion said to leave thanks a lot and is
the dog bottom again you know just for
continuity purposes now hand you back to
down so there you have it again it's not
as it's not deluxe package you just get
a slip cason you know and the DVD itself
you can pick this up now quite cheap if
you go on Amazon or Ebay even I'm sure
there's quite a few copies this floating
around if you haven't seen it is
definitely essential purchase it's
definitely something that no
self-respecting Pink Floyd fan should be
with them and again I hate to repeat
myself that you know this documentary
should have been in the immersion boxset
of dark side of moon as de facto should
just been in there because it's been
around since 2003 if you hadn't seen it
you know
you know you should so I should have
just been lucky to just thrown the disc
in you know in a cardboard sleeve and
everyone would have been happy but they
didn't do it which is a great shame
because then you would have had the full
immersion experience but yeah I mean I
really I really enjoy this DVD effect i
enjoy with the classic album series
that's been out did one for Queen I the
Opera recently recently I did p Cobras
so in preparation for his the 25th
anniversary of a big box and how in
September apparently so should be
excited by I'm getting off the point we
want about pink floyd so yeah I mean an
essential purchase if you you know
buscate scores five pyramids out of five
that's five pyramids out of 5 only a
short one tonight because again I I I
assume everyone's seen this and if you
haven't you know hop on online and
purchase or download no I shouldn't
encourage you to download that's wrong
naughty and that's it really money has
been derelict I've been burbling on
about about this year classic albums
making a dark side of the moon DVD and
you've been a welcome and patient
audience or putting up with me you know
the routine up down social media
da-da-da-da-da and there's only one one
more thing for me to say Annette's
prague on
you